Create a class Student with a default constructor that prints "Student Object Created".

Create a class Car with a constructor that initializes brand and price.

Write a program to demonstrate constructor initialization of instance variables.

Create a class Employee with constructor parameters name and salary, and display them.

Write a program that creates multiple objects using the same constructor.

Create a class Book with constructor that initializes title and author.

Write a program to show the difference between constructor and method.

Create a constructor that assigns default values to variables.

Write a program to demonstrate constructor overloading with 2 constructors.

Create a class Rectangle with constructor that calculates area.

Write a program to print a message whenever an object is created.

Create a class with no constructor and check what happens when the object is created.

Write a program to initialize 3 variables using constructor.

Create a class Mobile with constructor parameters model and price.

Write a program that prints the number of times constructor is called.

Intermediate Level (16–35)

Write a program demonstrating constructor overloading with 3 constructors.

Create constructors for a class Student:

default

with name

with name and marks

Write a program to show constructor chaining using this().

Create a program where one constructor calls another constructor.

Write a program to initialize an array using constructor.

Create a constructor that calculates and prints the square of a number.

Write a program that passes object as a parameter to constructor.

Create a class where constructor accepts another object.

Write a program to show difference between local variables and constructor variables.

Create a program to demonstrate copy constructor.

Write a program to create 5 objects using constructor and display their values.

Create a constructor that calculates sum of two numbers.

Write a program to initialize student marks and calculate average using constructor.

Create a constructor that checks whether a number is even or odd.

Write a program where constructor calculates factorial of a number.

Create a program that uses constructor to reverse a number.

Write a constructor program that checks prime number.

Create a constructor that accepts user input and stores it in variables.

Write a program to demonstrate constructor overloading using different data types.

Create a program that calculates simple interest using constructor.

Advanced / Tricky Level (36–50)

Write a program to demonstrate constructor chaining across multiple classes.

Create a class with private constructor and test object creation.

Write a program to demonstrate static variable counting objects created.

Create a class where constructor throws an exception if value is negative.

Write a program to show constructor calling parent constructor using super().

Create a program demonstrating inheritance with constructors.

Write a program where child constructor calls both super() and this().

Create a class where constructor initializes final variables.

Write a program showing constructor execution order in inheritance.

Create a class with multiple constructors and method overloading together.

Write a program demonstrating constructor in abstract class.

Create a class that prevents object creation using private constructor (Singleton idea).

Write a program to clone an object using copy constructor.

Create a program where constructor initializes a list/coll